hey what's up y'all MKBHD here bit of a
different type of video this time so
this year I was invited to give a
commencement speech for the graduating
class of
2024 for the school that I graduated
from n years ago Stevens's Institute of
Technology and so I said yes and also
I've never given a commencement speech
before and so I'm not particularly well
practiced at this type of stuff but
figured I'd give it a shot anyway so I
was told I was given 7 minutes for this
one and actually you'll see but I think
I kind of nailed the seven minutes part
but the topic that I chose was basically
pointing your energy towards something
that you care about a lot and that makes
it easy to dive in and really make a
difference in that thing obviously for
me it's it's you know these Tech videos
but these are graduates of a tech school
and a business school and all sorts of
so they have a bright future ahead of
them and also they were kind enough to
give me an honorary doctorate degree
while I was there so the running joke is
like autoc correct and all those Auto
captions from years ago it always say
weird things instead of MKBHD and one of
them was MK PhD and now that feels kind
of like foreshadowing instead kind of
prophetic impressive anyway uh figured
I'd share this in case it was
inspirational to anyone who who's young
who is graduating who is also in the
right demographic to enjoy it so I'll
let it take it from
here so I'm told I have seven minutes to
really make an impression on you guys um
most of the videos are heavily edited
and way longer than 7 minutes so I'll
try to keep it concise here so you can
graduate but first of all I I feel like
I stand in front of you a little bit
shocked at where we are because I feel
like I was just
there not that long ago like a minute
ago I was sitting here graduating from
Stevens uh but then I checked and it was
N9 years ago so 2015 it's like ancient
history to you guys so they say time
flies um but when President forvard
invited me to come back here and give
the commencement speech to you all the
class of 2024 the school that I
graduated from I'm obviously honored and
excited and maybe a little bit nervous
there's a lot of people here but uh I
want to give you guys two things I
prepared two things for you uh one is
for now and one is for later so I'll
start with the thing for now and uh I'm
going to start with a quote actually so
it goes like
this uh as a large language model I
cannot help with your request to write a
commencement speech just kidding I'm
kidding kidding I wrote this whole thing
myself
um I thought you guys would like that
but I'm actually I'm actually going to
start with a quote from an ultimate
frisbee teammate so I know that's not
the reason I'm here um but a lot of you
guys may know I played Ultimate Frisbee
when I went here at Stevens I still play
to this day and I remember really really
early in my Ultimate Frisbee career sort
of the beginning of freshman year
there's a tryy out process and then the
team was formed and I remember we went
to our first tournament we were all in
the Huddle before our first game as a
team and the captain said hey guys
everybody take a Beat Just take a deep
breath and just look around this huddle
for a second like really appreciate this
moment of becoming a team for the first
time because you're going to Blink and
the whole season's going to be over way
faster than you
think and he was totally right you know
there's obviously we play the game
there's lots of long points and then
lots of long weekends of practices and
travel and It's a Grind but we loved
every second of it and we all evolved a
lot as teammates and as players and it
was great but at the end of the season
we could all remember that first huddle
we remembered that
moment uh of just taking a beat so while
I have the chance I want to encourage
you all sitting here with the the gowns
and the hats and everything to just take
a beat and look around at your fellow
classmates and your your friends people
who you just spent a lot of time with
your fam is here this is your day to
celebrate and uh starting the next
chapter of your life but I also promise
you that you're going to Blink and it's
going to be 10 years
later so take a me minute to enjoy where
you are now
[Music]
now for later I give you that for now
something for later uh here's the thing
I've always struggled with giving advice
I feel like I don't know if uh president
farden knew that when he invited me to
give a commencement speech but I I feel
like I get asked to give advice a lot
and I don't really know what to say
typically it's like here are some things
that I learned and I can pass them along
to you but I got to be honest I feel
like a lot of My Success you know was
the the state of the world a niche
capitalizing on Good Luck like there
there wasn't really any Playbook or set
of things that I strictly followed that
I can pass along it kind of felt just
like it was something that I I really
dove into because it was exciting to me
so now I'm in this bizarre position of
trying to give advice but the more I've
thought about it the more I feel like
the best advice that I can give you is
to find something that gets you excited
that's really what it comes down to so
you're you're all sitting here today
because you've made it to the end of a
very challenging process called College
uh starting the next chapter of your
lives and you're armed with a bunch of
tools that you picked up along the way
you're basically at a launching pad you
just need somewhere to point that
energy somewhere to dial it up all the
way to
100 and so I really feel like my best
advice for you is this is the perfect
time to take a minute and ask yourself
those big questions like who am I like
what do I really want to do what do I
care about how do I want to make an
impact how do I want to give back what
makes you feel excited what makes you
feel
nervous you've already been challenged
clearly and you've made a lot of tough
choices you've had to learn new skills I
went to Stevens I know you had to solve
problems in innovative ways you had to
work alone you had to work in groups you
had to make time for things that are
really challenging so you have all these
tools but purpose is also a tool
and to me I feel like it's the most
powerful
one uh it won't necessarily be a smooth
ride finding what that is for you some
of you already sitting here like I know
what it is I know what I want to do uh
some of you it might take trying
something it might be taking a
risk uh for some of you like me it may
be something that literally doesn't
exist yet which is very exciting uh but
whatever it is you decide to do making a
dent in the universe is much easier when
you care deeply about that part of the
universe so for me it was Tech videos on
the internet but for all of you the sky
is the limit
clearly so I'll end with this uh
graduation is an exciting time it's also
a great word
graduation it's also a great album uh
but you actually you graduate many times
as a person I think you continue to
level up and and build and graduate over
and over again yourself I mean you
obviously wow you obviously uh already
had high school graduation you're having
for many of you this is your your formal
education graduation but you might also
have your first job graduation or your
second job graduation or learning a new
skill
graduation or overcoming a new fear
graduation or maybe you talk to someone
and and you get inspired and absorb some
information that unlocks a new part of
your brain that's another graduation
right there so class of 2024 I wish you
many more graduations this certainly
will not be the last one congrats on
getting to this launching pad and from
one duck to another congrats and good
luck thank you